"Episode 6: Grandpa Hearts Futaba"
What are you looking at?
I got a text from Grand-- my grandfather.
Really?
"G: I put them on display
again this year"
Hina dolls?
"G: I put them on display
again this year"
He's put them on display for the Doll
Festival every year since I was born.
"F: I'm 23 now..."
He must really adore you.
Let's do something to make him happy.
Do you really think
this'll make him happy?
We sending him an update?
I thought we'd show him
how healthy and happy you are.
Now both of you,
hold your hands in front of you.
Like this?
There are so many useful apps these days.
Now, hold still while I take your picture.
I couldn't send him this...
Sorry, I already hit "send."
Hey!
"G: Who the heck is he!!!"
Oh, he replied.
"G: What rock did he
crawl out from under."
"G: Hey! You never told me"
"G: about this guy!!"
That's strange. Sounds like he's mad...
"G: I've cared for you from birth!!
He doesn't know how long you wet the bed."
He's started talking about
you wetting the bed, Futaba-chan.
H-H-H-H-Hold on! Hold on!
Block friend!
Um, I'm sorry. I thought it was okay.
You still wet the bed?
Heck no!
"Entrance Ceremony"
So, what prompted you to say you
wanted to swing by a flower shop?
It's not like I asked you to
come with me or anything...
Well, I figured as long as you were going,
I'd tag along. What about you, Igarashi?
I'm here to get myself a birthday present.
What?! Today's your birthday?!
Yes. Why do you ask?
It's my birthday, too.
Huh?
No way!
Yeah, is that incredible or what?
Tell you what, I'll get you your gift
if you get me mine, okay?
What?
You can just get me whatever.
And I'll do the same for you.
Huh...?
If you're having trouble deciding,
I'm here to help!
How about some tulips?
Well...
I recommend these as well.
Let me see...
Thank you for shopping with us!
Flowers as gifts are kind of cliché, huh.
Well, we can't return them now.
Come on, let's do this.
Sure!
--Happy birthday to you!
--Happy birthday!
Um... Thank you.
Same here! I'll take good care of them.
Come on, we're going.
Sure, let's go get something to eat.
Here comes a real tough guy.
No, it can't be...
Happy birthday, Futaba!
Who the heck are you?
Hey!
You're that guy from the picture!
Give me back my Futaba, you bastard!
Igarashi Futaba is not an object.
She belongs to no one.
Who are you, anyway?
He's my grandfather.
What? This jerk?
Who are you calling a jerk?
Futaba, who is this jerk?
What rock did he crawl out from under?
Hey, what gives you
the right to call me a jerk?
I'm older than you are, so there!
What's going on?
Those are two huge guys.
Hey, it's kind of embarrassing
for you to be doing that here,
so can't we take this somewhere else?
"Itoguruma"
I don't care if you are Futaba's senpai,
you've got no business taking
pictures of just you and her.
Oh, you mean that picture we took for fun?
What? Are you toying with Futaba?
Huh? What the heck are you talking about?
Hey!
Futaba's my adorable little granddaughter!
Igarashi's my trusty kouhai!
You think you can put your hand
on Futaba's head without asking?
You saying I can't?
I'm the only one who's allowed
to pat Futaba on the head!
What?!
Futaba, have you been hanging out
with that big lug these days?
What?
I came all this way to celebrate
your birthday, Futaba, and you...
Grandpa's very unhappy.
Wh... What are you talking about? I told
you Takeda-senpai's a senpai from work!
Are you two in that kind of relationship?
What?! I've had it! If you
keep on saying stuff like that,
then you should just go home!
Oh, Futaba...
"39 (Thank You) Ice Cream"
Natsumi!
Futaba, sorry it's a day late, but...
Happy birthday!
Thanks.
Whatever you want, it's my treat!
Sweet! Then, I want some cake.
I didn't get to eat any yesterday.
Oh, really?
Oh, my aching head...
Guess I drank too much...
Huh? Futaba? Where are you? Futaba!
Surely she didn't go out
on a date with that big lug...
"I'm going out to meet Natsumi.
--Futaba"
Natsumi-chan? Really?
She'd hate me for asking...
--I don't understand the way
Futaba's been thinking lately...
--What a plot twist, huh?
--I don't understand the way
Futaba's been thinking lately...
It really blew me away!
"A masterwork depicting the facets of love
of today's teens and twentysomethings!!"
Maybe if I watch this,
it'll help me understand.
"Movie In Progress"
I never would've thought
their love would be so pure.
So, young ladies these days trade places
with guys in their dreams, huh?
Now I kind of understand.
I can rest easy for now.
Wait. Hold on... So that's why
she's been so cold to me lately...
Then, Grandpa...
He's just worried about you.
It's from Grandpa.
He must really love you.
"G: Who are you?"
I guess she's out on a date
with that big lug after all...
What are you looking at?
What the heck are you doing here?
Oh, so this is where you've been!
Well, I'll be!
What are you babbling about?
Looks like I've finally caught one!
Um...
Futaba hasn't responded.
"Batting Center"
Oh, I haven't done this in a while...
Wow...
"Cheese Umeebou"
"Crispy & Delicious"
Thanks guys!
Can I get my prizes, please?
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm all out of prizes...
No way!
"Itomaki Ramen"
Oh, Harumi! You free? I bet you are!
The shopping center has us doing this
volunteer work. Thanks for pitching in!
Oh, it's no big deal.
It's him...
If you don't mind, could you help us out?
Hey, what's the big idea?
It's first come, first served.
I've collected this much already.
Same here.
Hey, Harumi, how are things go--?
Hey, nice work there.
Same to you.
Cheers!
For a man with your looks,
you're a pretty okay guy!
You're one to talk.
That's for sure!
"G: Who are you?"
Futaba...
You're really crazy about
your granddaughter, huh?
Of course I am.
Futaba... Futaba...
was such an adorable kid!
Futaba!
"Futaba: Age 6"
Hello, Grandpa!
Grandpa's home!
You happy to see me?
Yeah, but you smell kind of funny.
You're happy, huh? That's great!
Futaba, I'm home! Where are you?
Hello, Grandpa. Um, Grandpa?
"Futaba: Age 8"
Yes? What is it?
I got a hundred on my test.
Really? Way to go, Granddaughter!
Hey, stop it! Only kids
get their hair tousled.
Tonight we must celebrate!
"Futaba: Age 15"
Wha...?!
You want to live alone in Tokyo?
Yeah...
"School Prospectus"
I want to try living on my own.
I don't think it's good for me to be
dependent on you forever, Grandpa.
I understand.
You look so grim!
Huh? You sure it's okay?
Futaba, I know you. You made up your mind
after giving it a lot of thought, right?
Well, you know what they say: "If you
love your child, send her on a journey."
Th-Thanks!
However!
Beware of those city boys.
They're wolves, the whole lot of them.
A-All right...
I'm more or less done unpacking...
Tomorrow's the first day of school.
I wonder if I'll make any friends.
Well, I've got to try....
Oh. So...
...she's been living on her own since
then. That's why she's such a good cook.
What? Don't tell me you've had
some of Futaba's home cooking.
I have, and it was really good.
Whaaaaat?!
You're such a good cook, Futaba.
So, what did you make that fellow?
Enough is enough! You come
and spend the night uninvited.
You go head-to-head with Takeda-senpai.
Knock it off, okay?
I'm worried about you, Futaba.
I'm 23, you know!
It's doesn't matter how old you are.
I still worry about you.
Oh, how lovely!
Is this your White Day gift?
I just love macarons. Thanks!
I'm glad to hear that.
Sakurai-san loves macarons.
Better make a note of that...
I doubt that note will ever get any use.
Hey.
You seen Igarashi around?
Oh, Igarashi-chan? I think she's...
Oh, there you are.
Igarashi...
Oh, Senpai...
Uhhh...
There sure is a lot of
pollen flying around.
Here, I went and got you a variety
of stuff from the drug store.
Thank you...
Open your eyes.
I'm putting the drops in now.
That got rid of some of the discomfort...
Sorry about that.
That's okay. But you should at least learn
how to put drops in your own eyes.
I don't know why, but the tip
of the eye dropper scares me.
Sounds like you've got a sore throat, too.
Have some hard candy.
Thank you.
Okay, I'm heading back to my desk.
All right.
Since you shared that chocolate
with me a while back...
...let me thank you by
treating you to a meal today.
See you later.
That's right. Today's White Day.
"Strawberry Candy"
He remembered...
So, what do you want to have?
Let me think...
Sorry, first I've got to take a leak...
In that case, I'll hold your briefcase.
Thanks!
I'll be right back!
Ohhh, I almost wet my pants.
What the heck are you doing here?!
It was just a coincidence.
A coincidence, I tell you!
"Keep Our Restroom Clean"
Hey...
Yeah?
Is Futaba doing a good job at work?
Why don't you ask her yourself?
I don't want her to hate me
for asking strange questions.
In a weird way, you're kind of a sissy!
She's doing a fine job. She's also pretty
headstrong, like somebody here.
We were just about to go get
something to eat. Come join us.
W-Well, I'll be...
Hey, stop it!
What's a little kid like you doing
wearing a business suit?
Wh...
Wait, don't tell me you're actually a
businesswoman. That's hysterical!
Seriously?
Hey now, don't cry.
It makes it look like we're
doing something mean.
Come on, stop crying.
There's a good girl...
Hey, who said you could touch her?
What's this? Daddy's come to the rescue?
He's just acting tough
in front of his kid.
Hey.
You guys got it all wrong.
Grandpa's come to the rescue, punks!
I'm sorry!
Please, don't apologize. I wasn't hurt.
My granddaughter's got a heart of gold...
What are you doing here, Grandpa?
Even though we were here, we couldn't
shield you from that awful experience...
I said, "What are you
doing here, Grandpa?"
Futaba, you must've been scared...
Whenever you feel like crying,
you can cry in Grandpa's arms anytime!
Well, what can you do, I guess.
All right, let's go get something to eat.
You too, Gramps.
Grandpa, what do you want to have?
Futaba...
"Illustration: Onodera-san"